docs: add homebrew installation note (#215)
yshavit/mdq: README.md

1. ```shell
   cargo install --git https://github.com/yshavit/mdq

> 
>    # Homebrew
>    brew install mdq

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. ```shell
   brew install mdq
```

   ```

> 1. Download binaries from [the latest release] (or any other release, of course).
> 1. You can also grab the binaries from the latest [build-release] workflow run. You must be logged into GitHub to do

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Download binaries from [the latest release] (or any other release, of course).
4. You can also grab the binaries from the latest [build-release] workflow run. You must be logged into GitHub to do
```
